ten different kinds of chocolate it
weighs over a kilogram what are you
looking at donut time it Sam
oh I just went there today oh I know
that boy shit I just had a donut from
there today it's sooo good did you have
a Snickers with it
Snickers no Cushi not yourself when
you're not hungry
oh I sure got sponsored or I will
protect I would I'm not an occasional
disconsolate please well maybe war kiss
your little ginger bear Nick is really
satisfied no you should have said it's
like not sponsor I mean food sponsoring
food is kind of a betrayal so that's a
bit that's a bit cancerous well but it
is me me at the same time so yeah I mean
what's what's do uh what was that map
cold it was nge mouse just changes your
map Angie Angie Angie is on a map this
is me that's a claw you know what my
favorite map is it's CP underscore
energy it's just a great man I'm alone I
know as a CP CP underscore energy also
known as CP underscore dust ball hey did
you say explosions Merc schoolrooms
I said enemy invade me but ain't good
good enough good night mr. tall I hear
and he says that Oh God ah okay I'm just
missing my limit kill Madame Oh God
why why is that telly there Jesus Christ
settle your kettle Uncle Joe
you see that Cliff got yet to receive a
free
spy weapon it what a babes joint for the
main all right I'm sorry I'm sorry it's
just for the mames
hey that's what spy discusses me it is
me that kick you shock me
hey what amazed all right it's for the
memes
don't worry about it
I forget that yeah about what I blew her
up that's funny it's always terrible 7cm
717 I want to first kill streak your
honor that is watch this watch this
magic Oh God okay Oh God okay I just got
my ass Fox by a heavy not sir that's the
first time well yeah oh good okay no now
I'm actually slightly concerned
yeah I'm slightly concerned about real
Channel I don't mean demo I'm a dreams
that I met that's who I main memes hello
yeah yay but once I'm not guarding arms
and tightening production was just so
good already edited them oh god I hate
that I just went flying a bitches spin
back said man I went flying off the map
holy shit Toria next oh god I just got
backstabbed by spirits Baron went flying
again why is it whenever just me there
back stabs me I'll just go flying
we need a medic who volunteers
mark can you please take 150 man uh go
and kill yourself
guys we should kick Mario he's not
playing medic hey hey just a mistress
it's just a prank bro it's just a prank
alright so here is saying this like
weight loss that binges spin oh yeah
literally every time I see it I from now
on I'm just gonna say is a rigid spinner
why because this is I was just spying
you have a team called I'm a fidget
spinner we're behind you iron fist is
your mom I want you hey I killed him
good job he probably is dead ringer
though cuz you're a faggot ah
good darlin huh hi so live okay there we
go you wanna burn I'm a master sign here
but wait right proud of yourself
I'm actually being a dick right
oh no you use the young he is the bunk I
won't wear and believe that's mine I'm
laying him wait for one oh I got such I
just got body shot I deserve that
I deserve that after all that spawn
camping yeah you pretty much we've never
had canoe don't sit back in our day suck
it out oh we had to resort to guns
grenades
[Music]
oh I got back sub I love spawn camping
for so long geez yeah you're gonna do a
face reveal but your actual reveille
face Murphy organ ah no about about that
actually 1 million subscribers I'll do a
face reveal all right Wow
yes 1 million subscribers it's never
going to happen so you heard it right
but if it does you heard it right here
today 1 million subs i doing a face
reveal boom easy ok yeah that's not good
oh that pill shot makes me moist
oh I can't I just got blue oasis that
boy poor boy
oh that makes me so moist don't you get
soggy soggy
no no because I baked myself every time
I do life at least when you better see
myself I'm going wrong you save your
cookie you send you a piece of lumber
no what now okay okay okay okay okay
okay I think about I am 16 years old
right that's a 16 okay think about if
you leave a piece of gingerbread out in
the about for 16 years is it going to go
hard I know I'm hard what whoa whoa
sexual innuendos we've let your laughing
away morning you should just a little
bit that is a face so you do not look
friendly I just just oh god your face
does not look friendly at all it looks
for you I reverted Oh Cupid me zoom
aren't your face as well for a fact well
don't worry we'll take a look ah wait oh
no now you do now you do see I it's when
you bring out your mini yawn you look
scary yes see that is not effective not
a friendly face don't say you're welcome
don't you freaking say you're welcome
you're welcome oh god why mean you're
gonna die in five years
in five years well that's pretty
specific actually oh but you heard it
guys you heard it guys
from Mario okay two things two things
we've learned today one other bribes are
going to a face reveal and two I'm going
to die in five years time exactly five
bids come back at all is like I'm gonna
die in psyche it's like okay then I'll
play Mario Barrios confirming all these
things all right eager to die first
firstly confirms I sound like music and
confirms I'm doing AQ & a million salt
Alison first AB die in five years we
have six demos guys we don't have enough
demos really did not we need at least 13
demos come on step up your game
developer knows cars carbon exposed
inside is chocolate not vanilla
chocolate cue hole how you don't treat
you I can't take care of is I'm really I
can take care of this if you go medicham
shove a Benny gun up I'm already here I
ate not boy I'll sure shock come on jab
we must sport cup 2 victory okay I'll
take the other door you guys take this
door oh I forgot about that I was just
walking to my yeah good job
I don't you forgot about the spawn camp
die I've got the other door you guys
keep camping that door you don't well
you're doing a great job we're camping
closed doors going alright you're at
your spawn karlin/des to fit nothing
IRA good nothing guys fuck you oh god
that is a century there yeah how lovely
it's just for what he expects centuries
everywhere what do you think that
everyone I don't know cuz it's a song a
shit that heavy has two pocket medics
how do I be like in it how do I get to
pocket medics be good um I am good dark
no no no if you don't as an Aussie
why did I have so many makes Oh God
fragged by the door what the hell I was
walking out of the Sporto and it killed
me
what the hell a that's retarded on what
the whole oh my god that's horrible
bitch here - why
[Music]